Alright so this is the engine's bread and butter. You will basically always be spending time in a 
scene as you work on a project. Now, what is a Scene? basically, its a level. Well, that's one way
to go about dividing the game into Scenes. You can use scenes in a variety of ways. For instance,
a menu screens are very often a scene of its own.

When you double click to open a scene, you should see the name of that scene in the top left of the
screen (below the Unity 6, below Hierarchy). Its good to check that you are in the scene you intend
to be in before you start making changes.


* Objects (and Object Hierarchy) *
This whole block of the screen is called the Object Hierarchy (or just simply the Hierarchy).
Things below the Scene's name are called Objects. You can add an Object by right clicking the blank
space in the Hierarchy and selecting the kind of object you want to create. You can make an entire
game just from adding in shape objects.

If one shape for an object isn't enough for you, you can add shapes and "children" of the "parent."
That's common Comp Sci terms to say that something inherits the traits of something else. For 
instance, I can create a capsule as the player, then add another square on top to represent a hat
which is also part of the player.


* Components (and Inspector) *
Every Object can have its own set of Components. You can see the components of an Object when you
select an object and look over to the right side of the screen in the chunk labeled Inspector at
the top. Objects also have Names, Tags, and Layers.

Names are pretty self explanatory.

Tags and Layers are very similar and can often be used interchangeably. This is how you distinguish
objects from one another. For instance, in a platformer, the player should often be able to jump
off the ground. But maybe there's a sticky honey floor section that the player can't jump off of.
You could create a Ground layer and a Honey layer and check which layer you are on in the code.

You can have a lot of components on an object, and there are many, many, many components to choose
from. You will even often make your own components to add to an object (like a script).

These modify/control details about the object that makes it more unique than a shape on a canvas.
An object named Player wouldn't be much of a player without the functionality to control it, right?

Now I can't get into all of the components in the world, but I'll go over some very common, very
frequent, and very important components you will very likely use.

Sprite Renderer
    - As the name implies, this is how you would apply a sprite. A sprite is an art asset to add
      visuals to the character (in case you don't want to stick with primitive shapes).
    - You can actually just drop in a file in the Sprite attribute of the component. You should
      first organize sprites into a Sprites folder within the Assets folder, however.

Rigidbody (2D)
    - This gives an object physics. Technically you could move an object around with 
      the Transform component, but that heavily limits your control. Instead, you can just
      manipulate the object's velocity with a Rigidbody. This also applies gravity and other
      physics like linear dampening (which is kind of like air resistance) and mass.

Colliders of various shapes
    - Without a collider, and object doesn't have a physical presence. So, if you want things to be
      ghost like, then by all means have no collider haha. But, if you want your player to be able
      to stand on floor or get blocked by a wall then they need to have a collider. The object with
      which you want things to collide into must also have a collider.
    - There's a second use for colliders and that's a trigger. There's a little Is Trigger checkbox
      option within the collider component. When checked, the collider is not used for physical
      presence, but is instead use to check if something enters the collision area.
    - You can also shape the collider in case your character has a unique figure. Just click the
      Edit Collider button and some green dots and lines will appear around your object. That shape
      is the shape of the collider, and you can click and drag the dots to reshape it.
    - Don't forget than an object can have more than one collider! so feel free to have both a 
      trigger collider and a physical collider.

Player Input
    - To use the Action Input control schemes we set up, you need this collider. Once you add it, 
      you can easily click and drag the Action Input asset into the Actions field of the component.

Scripts
    - When you make your own scripts, you need to attach the script to an object in the Scene for
      it to take affect and do something. Just drag and drop the script into an object to give it
      the script as a component.

Audio Source
    - I don't have one of these in the project right now, but this is how you would play audio in a
      scene. Like always, drag and drop an asset, in this case the audio asset, into the Audio
      Source component to assign it as the attribute for the audio source and set how you want it
      to play.
    - Don't forget, the Game Preview window may be muted. There's a speaker icon to the top right
      of the preview window, next to the keyboard looking icon. If it has an X on it, then its
      muted and you won't be able to hear your audio source until you click to unmute and see the
      icon update with little waves coming out of the speaker.
    - Just like the Assets and the Scripts, I recommend creating a folder or two to organize your
      sounds.