In this folder I've included two sets of controls for the two different genres of play that I demo.
You can create and Action Input by right clicking the project folder, Create->Input Actions.
Double left click to open the Input Actions Editor window.

Technically, this is all unnecessary and optional as you could just hard code which key does what
in the scripts.
The downside to that is if you wanted to changing a binding you have to manually open the script,
search for and change the value, then recompile the script.
It also is a very rigid approach as it looses the flexibility of being able to be changed on the
fly if the player wants to change input settings. I will not cover how to do input settings in this
tutorial, but I encourage you to look it up and see the differences and advantages to
handling controls via the Action Input System.

There's quite a few things of note here so lets get started. I recommend following along in a new
Input Action asset.


* Save Feature *
First, a little below the top right corner, I like to toggle on Auto-Save.


* Control Schemes *
On the top just below the name of the input actions is a Control Schemes drop down (currently
labeled No Control Schemes).

You can add a control scheme to set different action input setups for different devices.
I won't be using it in my demo but feel free to play around with it.


* Action Maps *
You can find these just below the Control Schemes. Very big, bold lettering. These will
populate the first of the 3 columns you see in the editor. Use the [+] button to make
a new action map.

The purpose of these is so that different gameplay modes will have their controls separated.
Imagine the difference between controlling an soldier running across the battlefield vs
controlling a tank with a style of unique controls literally dubbed "tank controls"

We'd want to separate the way they function, right? You might want all of WASD for the soldier's
movement, but for a tank you only want WS for forward and reverse, while AD are for pivoting.


* Actions *
Located to the right of the Action Maps, and populates the second column. These Actions are
assigned to the selected Action Map when created. Make a new Action with the [+] button to
the right of the Actions column.

Remember what you name your Actions, as these are the names that will be used in the scripts
to call functions based on the input.

You can assign bindings to actions by right clicking the action, and selecting from the types of
bindings available. The types to choose will depend on what Type the Action is and what you need
it for.
The bindings created will be kept in a dropdown menu respective to the action it was created for.


* Action Properties *
Get up for a stretch and a glass of water because this section is about to get a wee bit lengthy.

All Actions have Action Properties associated with them, displayed in the column to the right of 
the Actions column.

Action Type is an important property of Actions. Actions can either be a Button, Value, or
a Pass Through.

An Action as a Button is simply, well, a check for whether the button/key is held/pressed/released.
The Binding Types available to a Button Action are: (regular) Binding, Positive/Negative Binding,
Binding with One Modifier, and Binding with Two Modifiers. These are the same as the Composite Type
listed in the now labeled Binding Properties column (was Action Properties when an Action was
selected, but changes to Binding Properties when a Binding is selected).

Binding
    - Literally just a designated key/button. 
Positive/Negative Binding
    - Imagine a line plot. The key/button bound to the Negative is the left of the line and the
      key/button bound to the Positive is the right of the line. You can also decide in Binding
      Properties if one wins over the other when both are held.
Binding with Modifiers
    - This means that the action of one binding is changed when another binding is utilized.
      For example, a character can walk forward with W, or sprint with W if Shift is held.

Alright, so those are the bindings for a Button action type. What about a Value action type?
Well, a Value action type describes a combination of buttons in a numerical method.
4 of the binding types (composite types) are the same. But there are two new ones that work
similar to each other.
Up/Down/Left/Right(/Forward/Backward) Composite
    - This sets the bindings on a coordinate plane, with each in their own direction. 
      Notice the Composite type. The Positive/Negative Binding uses a 1D axis (line plot) whereas
      these new bindings use either a 2D Vector or a 3D Vector.
      The "Composite" part of that just means it takes the combination of them. So for imagine
      the 4 arrow keys are bound (in the directions you'd expect). Holding Up Arrow and Right Arrow
      yields a combined Up + Right direction.
      The Mode for this is also important (right below Composite Type).
          - Analog is basically for joysticks, where there are intermittent values between no input
            and a full input.
          - Digital is like an XY diagram. 1 (meaning right) for the X and -1 (meaning down)
            combine to form the point (1, -1). That's the combined direction of the two buttons.
          - Digital Normalized takes the unit circle approach instead. The problem with Digital is
	    when you hold two buttons to get that corner value, the magnitude from 0 to that point
	    is greater than 0 to a point on the axis. Digital Normalized ensure that the magnitude
	    is equal in all directions.
            Just look at the difference between the corners of a square [] and the lack thereof in
	    a circle O

I'm going to skip talking about the Pass-Through, because it's pretty similar to the above just
with slightly different use cases (VR is often one of said use cases).

Also note the Interactions drop down for Action Properties. This dictates how the player interacts
with the binding. Imagine a sci-fi shooter. Do they press the button for a single shot? Maybe they
hold the button for rapid fire? Or maybe even the hold the button to charge then release to fire!

Wow that was a lot of information. To finish off, let me just explain what you might've already 
figured out: how to actually bind a key. Select a Binding and in the Binding Properties just pick
the Path to that key/button (for instance, W [Keyboard]). Yup. That's it.


Please go and try these out for yourself. They make much more sense when you start playing with
them and seeing what you just read in action.